# Solar for Schools in Denmark?

## Project Overview

This project aims to assess the feasibility of starting an iteration of Solar for Schools in Denmark, focusing initially on the Greater Aarhus region. The project involves gathering and analyzing data related to the current deployment and power generation of solar panels in schools and daycares within Aarhus.

## Goals

1. Collect data on the existing solar panels in Aarhus Kommune schools and daycares.
2. Measure the power generated by these solar panels.
3. Gather information on private schools and daycares in Aarhus Kommune and their use of solar panels.

## Data Collection

The data collection process will involve:
- Identifying schools and daycares with existing solar panels.
- Recording the amount of power generated by these solar panels.


## Project Structure

This project will be organized as a Jupyter Notebook-based data analysis project, with the following structure:
```plaintext
Solar-Aarhus/
├── data/
│   ├── raw/
│   ├── processed/
├── notebooks/
│   ├── 01_data_collection.ipynb
│   ├── 02_data_analysis.ipynb
│   ├── 03_visualization.ipynb
├── results/
├── README.md
└── requirements.txt
```

- `data/`: Directory for storing raw and processed data.
- `notebooks/`: Jupyter Notebooks for data collection, analysis, and visualization.
- `results/`: Directory for storing the results of the analysis.
- `README.md`: Project documentation.
- `requirements.txt`: List of required Python packages.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

To run the notebooks, you'll need to have the following software installed:

- Python 3.x
- Jupyter Notebook

### Contributions
Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request if you have any suggestions or improvements.

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

### Contact
For any questions or inquiries, please contact Kelly.

### Acknowledgments
Special thanks to Solar for Schools for inspiring this project. https://www.solarforschools.co.uk/about/vision
